---
title: That didn't take long
date: 2023-03-16
summary: Less than two weeks after launching my site, I rebuilt it with Astro.
image: 
    src: AstroPic
    alt: A photo of the astro website from an oblique angle. The text on the monitor says "Build the web you want".
tags: ['Hello, world', 'Astro']
draft: false
---

Less than two weeks ago, I launched [JeffCaldwell.is](/) after building
everything with [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev). I was happy with the design
and SvelteKit made building everything a breeze. So why did I rebuild it so
quickly?

When I was finished with the first iteration of this site, I excitedly showed it
to whoever would humor me. My fellow students in the CS program told me how
great it looked and complimented me on the color scheme. My fiancee, bless her,
gave me the requisite compliments. Then I showed it to my brother, a mechanic.

"It lacks pizzaz," he said.

I trust my brother. He and I have an honest relationship. He's not a designer or
a developer and that allows me the opportunity to hear from someone who will
tell me what he thinks without fear that he'll hurt my feelings. He's also not
steeped in all of the common design trends on the web. What's that mean to me?

It means I should listen.

It happened to be spring break and, for once, I took a week off of work at the
same time. I wanted to give [Astro 2.0](https://astro.build/blog/astro-2/) a
shot, so I started working on a new landing page. Before long I was deep into
rewriting the whole site and here we are.

Rebuilding everything was, more or less, very straightforward. Astro's
contributors should definitely be congratulated on the phenomenal job they've
done in making a tool that's so intuitive and comprehensive. I'm not going to
make any comparisons to Svelte/SvelteKit other than the documentation. The
[Astro docs](https://docs.astro.build) are second-to-none while I've always felt
that the Svelte docs are a little lacking.

There's still more to do. I need to work out [Open Graph](https://ogp.me/) image
generation and I'd like to start taking part in the
[IndieWeb](https://indieweb.org/) for real by adding
[webmentions](https://indieweb.org/Webmention) and
[syndication](https://indieweb.org/2011/Publish_Then_Syndicate_and_Replicate).
There's still so much to do!

I'm looking forward to it.
