---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownPage.astro
title: Jeff Caldwell | About
summary: I'm a digital journalist in the last year of my computer science degree in San Angelo, Texas. I love making websites and writing, and I focus on creating sites that are accessible, fast, and great looking.
---

# About Me

I'm a digital journalist in the last year of my computer science degree in San
Angelo, Texas. I love making websites and writing, and I focus on creating sites
that are accessible, fast, and great looking.

I grew up in San Angelo but spent most of my adulthood living in Brooklyn, NY,
where I worked in the print industry making cool stuff for clients like the New
York Public Library and Last Week Tonight with John Oliver.

I moved back to San Angelo in 2018 to pursue my degree and got a job as a camera
operator at the local tv news station. It was only a short time before I found
my way into the newsroom, first as a news photographer, then as a multimedia
journalist. Eventually I moved onto the digital team and covered local news by
writing articles instead of shooting and editing video.

Now I lead a small team of digital journalists for the station's website. I'm
not out in the field getting news as much as I used to be, but I'm proud of the
team we've been able to build, and it's been amazing to see the growth of the
journalists who work for me.

I've been working toward a degree in computer science since 2020 after I used
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to make on-screen graphics for a live stream. Before
then, I wanted a degree in communications. However, coding was too much fun, so
I changed my major.

I still love journalism and serving my community, but I would like to make a
change. I'm looking for a position as a technical writer or a front-end
developer focusing on semantic HTML and accessibility. My experience in
journalism, education in computer science, and focus on accessibility allow me
to understand complex subjects and present them to people in a way they can
immediately understand.

If you're hiring, [take a look at my resume](/resume), and let's talk.
